---
title: "research"
bg: white
color: black
fa-icon: flask
---

# Research
### **Research at Lawrence Berkeley National Lab & UC Berkeley**
* **Manufacturing and Characterizing Ultra-thin LLZO Ceramic Electrolytes**
    - Manufactured ultra-thin (<100μm) LLZO ceramic electrolytes and optimized the grain size and porositybyadjusting the composition and sintering conditions, such as temperature, time, and ramp rate.
    - Characterized the surface morphology of LLZO ceramic electrolytes through SEMimaging and EBSDanalysis.
    - Measured local ionic conductivities using electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) and microelectrodestostudy how crystal orientations affect ionic conductivities.
    - Conducted FIB lift-out and ion-milling for TEM sample preparation.

* **Mechanical Modeling and Characterization of Composite Cathodes of NCM/LPS Solid-State Batteries**
    - ***Publication:*** Shi, Tan & Zhang, Yaqian & Tu, Qingsong & **Wang, Yuhao** & Scott, M. &Ceder, Gerbrand. (2020). *Characterization of mechanical degradation in an all-solid-state battery cathode.* Journal of Materials ChemistryA.
    - Performed FIB-SEM tomography to characterize morphology changes in the composite cathode (NCM/LPS)dueto charging cycles and quantified the increasing void volume through cycles.
    - Segmented the sliced images obtained from FIB-SEM based on phases using machine learning pluginintheImageJ software and reconstructed them into 3D volume using the Dragonfly software.
    - Explored in-situ SEM setup to study morphology changes and Li dendrite growth in the composite cathode.

* **Plasmon Surface Energy of Gold Nanoparticles**
    - Wrote Python scripts to process EELS spectrum images to study the plasmon surface energy of Au nanoparticlesusing the deconvolution method, which showed reasonable trends according to simulations.

<br>
### **Project: Semiconductor Microfabrication**
* Microfabricated a Metal-Oxide-Semiconductor Field-Effect Transistor (MOSFET) starting froma siliconwaferinacleanroom and conducted measurements that verified its usability.
